README.md, before:

# terraform-aws-ecs-cluster

A Terraform module to create an Amazon Web Services (AWS) EC2 Container Service (ECS) cluster.

## Usage

```hcl
data "template_file" "container_instance_cloud_config" {
  template = "${file("cloud-config/container-instance.yml.tpl")}"

  vars {
    environment = "${var.environment}"
  }
}

module "container_service_cluster" {
  source = "github.com/azavea/terraform-aws-ecs-cluster?ref=1.1.0"

  vpc_id        = "vpc-20f74844"
  ami_id        = "ami-b2df2ca4"
  instance_type = "t2.micro"
  key_name      = "hector"
  cloud_config_content  = "${data.template_file.container_instance_cloud_config.rendered}"

  root_block_device_type = "gp2"
  root_block_device_size = "10"

  health_check_grace_period = "600"
  desired_capacity          = "1"
  min_size                  = "0"
  max_size                  = "1"

  enabled_metrics = [
    "GroupMinSize",
    "GroupMaxSize",
    "GroupDesiredCapacity",
    "GroupInServiceInstances",
    "GroupPendingInstances",
    "GroupStandbyInstances",
    "GroupTerminatingInstances",
    "GroupTotalInstances",
  ]

  private_subnet_ids = [...]

  project     = "Something"
  environment = "Staging"
}
```

## Variables

- `vpc_id` - ID of VPC meant to house cluster
- `lookup_latest_ami` - lookup the latest Amazon-owned ECS AMI. If this variable is `true`, the latest ECS AMI will be used, even if `ami_id` is provided (default: `false`).
- `ami_id` - Cluster instance Amazon Machine Image (AMI) ID. If `lookup_latest_ami` is `true`, this variable will be silently ignored.
- `ami_owners` - List of accounts that own the AMI (default: `self, amazon, aws-marketplace`)
- `root_block_device_type` - Instance root block device type (default: `gp2`)
- `root_block_device_size` - Instance root block device size in gigabytes (default: `8`)
- `instance_type` - Instance type for cluster instances (default: `t2.micro`)
- `key_name` - EC2 Key pair name
- `cloud_config_content` - user data supplied to launch configuration for cluster nodes
- `cloud_config_content_type` - the type of configuration being passed in as user data, see [EC2 user guide](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AmazonLinuxAMIBasics.html#CloudInit) for a list of possible types (default: `text/cloud-config`)
- `health_check_grace_period` - Time in seconds after container instance comes into service before checking health (default: `600`)
- `desired_capacity` - Number of EC2 instances that should be running in cluster (default: `1`)
- `min_size` - Minimum number of EC2 instances in cluster (default: `0`)
- `max_size` - Maximum number of EC2 instances in cluster (default: `1`)
- `enabled_metrics` - A list of metrics to gather for the cluster
- `private_subnet_ids` - A list of private subnet IDs to launch cluster instances
- `scale_up_cooldown_seconds` - Number of seconds before allowing another scale up activity (default: `300`)
- `scale_down_cooldown_seconds` - Number of seconds before allowing another scale down activity (default: `300`)
- `high_cpu_evaluation_periods` - Number of evaluation periods for high CPU alarm (default: `2`)
- `high_cpu_period_seconds` - Number of seconds in an evaluation period for high CPU alarm (default: `300`)
- `high_cpu_threshold_percent` - Threshold as a percentage for high CPU alarm (default: `90`)
- `low_cpu_evaluation_periods` - Number of evaluation periods for low CPU alarm (default: `2`)
- `low_cpu_period_seconds` - Number of seconds in an evaluation period for low CPU alarm (default: `300`)
- `low_cpu_threshold_percent` - Threshold as a percentage for low CPU alarm (default: `10`)
- `high_memory_evaluation_periods` - Number of evaluation periods for high memory alarm (default: `2`)
- `high_memory_period_seconds` - Number of seconds in an evaluation period for high memory alarm (default: `300`)
- `high_memory_threshold_percent` - Threshold as a percentage for high memory alarm (default: `90`)
- `low_memory_evaluation_periods` - Number of evaluation periods for low memory alarm (default: `2`)
- `low_memory_period_seconds` - Number of seconds in an evaluation period for low memory alarm (default: `300`)
- `low_memory_threshold_percent` - Threshold as a percentage for low memory alarm (default: `10`)
- `project` - Name of project this cluster is for (default: `Unknown`)
- `environment` - Name of environment this cluster is targeting (default: `Unknown`)

## Outputs

- `id` - The container service cluster ID
- `name` - The container service cluster name
- `container_instance_security_group_id` - Security group ID of the EC2 container instances
- `container_instance_ecs_for_ec2_service_role_name` - Name of IAM role associated with EC2 container instances
- `ecs_service_role_name` - Name of IAM role for use with ECS services
- `ecs_service_role_arn` - ARN of IAM role for use with ECS services
- `container_instance_ecs_for_ec2_service_role_arn` - ARN of IAM role associated with EC2 container instances
- `container_instance_autoscaling_group_name` - Name of container instance Autoscaling Group

Commit message:

Clarify ECS cluster security group usage
Make it clear that the appropriate security group rules need to be
associated with the security group ID emitted from the module. If no
rules are associated, no ingress or egress traffic will flow.

README.md, after:

# terraform-aws-ecs-cluster

A Terraform module to create an Amazon Web Services (AWS) EC2 Container Service (ECS) cluster.

## Usage

This module creates a security group that gets associated with the launch configuration for the ECS AutoScaling group. By default, it container no security group rules. In order for network traffic to flow egress or ingress (including communication with ECS itself), you must associate all of the appropriate `aws_security_group_rule` resources with the `container_instance_security_group_id` module output.

See below for an example.

```hcl
data "template_file" "container_instance_cloud_config" {
  template = "${file("cloud-config/container-instance.yml.tpl")}"

  vars {
    environment = "${var.environment}"
  }
}

module "container_service_cluster" {
  source = "github.com/azavea/terraform-aws-ecs-cluster?ref=1.1.0"

  vpc_id        = "vpc-20f74844"
  ami_id        = "ami-b2df2ca4"
  instance_type = "t2.micro"
  key_name      = "hector"
  cloud_config_content  = "${data.template_file.container_instance_cloud_config.rendered}"

  root_block_device_type = "gp2"
  root_block_device_size = "10"

  health_check_grace_period = "600"
  desired_capacity          = "1"
  min_size                  = "0"
  max_size                  = "1"

  enabled_metrics = [
    "GroupMinSize",
    "GroupMaxSize",
    "GroupDesiredCapacity",
    "GroupInServiceInstances",
    "GroupPendingInstances",
    "GroupStandbyInstances",
    "GroupTerminatingInstances",
    "GroupTotalInstances",
  ]

  private_subnet_ids = [...]

  project     = "Something"
  environment = "Staging"
}

resource "aws_security_group_rule" "container_instance_http_egress" {
  type        = "egress"
  from_port   = 80
  to_port     = 80
  protocol    = "tcp"
  cidr_blocks = ["0.0.0.0/0"]

  security_group_id = "${module.container_service_cluster.container_instance_security_group_id}"
}

resource "aws_security_group_rule" "container_instance_https_egress" {
  type        = "egress"
  from_port   = 443
  to_port     = 443
  protocol    = "tcp"
  cidr_blocks = ["0.0.0.0/0"]

  security_group_id = "${module.container_service_cluster.container_instance_security_group_id}"
}
```

## Variables

- `vpc_id` - ID of VPC meant to house cluster
- `lookup_latest_ami` - lookup the latest Amazon-owned ECS AMI. If this variable is `true`, the latest ECS AMI will be used, even if `ami_id` is provided (default: `false`).
- `ami_id` - Cluster instance Amazon Machine Image (AMI) ID. If `lookup_latest_ami` is `true`, this variable will be silently ignored.
- `ami_owners` - List of accounts that own the AMI (default: `self, amazon, aws-marketplace`)
- `root_block_device_type` - Instance root block device type (default: `gp2`)
- `root_block_device_size` - Instance root block device size in gigabytes (default: `8`)
- `instance_type` - Instance type for cluster instances (default: `t2.micro`)
- `key_name` - EC2 Key pair name
- `cloud_config_content` - user data supplied to launch configuration for cluster nodes
- `cloud_config_content_type` - the type of configuration being passed in as user data, see [EC2 user guide](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AmazonLinuxAMIBasics.html#CloudInit) for a list of possible types (default: `text/cloud-config`)
- `health_check_grace_period` - Time in seconds after container instance comes into service before checking health (default: `600`)
- `desired_capacity` - Number of EC2 instances that should be running in cluster (default: `1`)
- `min_size` - Minimum number of EC2 instances in cluster (default: `0`)
- `max_size` - Maximum number of EC2 instances in cluster (default: `1`)
- `enabled_metrics` - A list of metrics to gather for the cluster
- `private_subnet_ids` - A list of private subnet IDs to launch cluster instances
- `scale_up_cooldown_seconds` - Number of seconds before allowing another scale up activity (default: `300`)
- `scale_down_cooldown_seconds` - Number of seconds before allowing another scale down activity (default: `300`)
- `high_cpu_evaluation_periods` - Number of evaluation periods for high CPU alarm (default: `2`)
- `high_cpu_period_seconds` - Number of seconds in an evaluation period for high CPU alarm (default: `300`)
- `high_cpu_threshold_percent` - Threshold as a percentage for high CPU alarm (default: `90`)
- `low_cpu_evaluation_periods` - Number of evaluation periods for low CPU alarm (default: `2`)
- `low_cpu_period_seconds` - Number of seconds in an evaluation period for low CPU alarm (default: `300`)
- `low_cpu_threshold_percent` - Threshold as a percentage for low CPU alarm (default: `10`)
- `high_memory_evaluation_periods` - Number of evaluation periods for high memory alarm (default: `2`)
- `high_memory_period_seconds` - Number of seconds in an evaluation period for high memory alarm (default: `300`)
- `high_memory_threshold_percent` - Threshold as a percentage for high memory alarm (default: `90`)
- `low_memory_evaluation_periods` - Number of evaluation periods for low memory alarm (default: `2`)
- `low_memory_period_seconds` - Number of seconds in an evaluation period for low memory alarm (default: `300`)
- `low_memory_threshold_percent` - Threshold as a percentage for low memory alarm (default: `10`)
- `project` - Name of project this cluster is for (default: `Unknown`)
- `environment` - Name of environment this cluster is targeting (default: `Unknown`)

## Outputs

- `id` - The container service cluster ID
- `name` - The container service cluster name
- `container_instance_security_group_id` - Security group ID of the EC2 container instances
- `container_instance_ecs_for_ec2_service_role_name` - Name of IAM role associated with EC2 container instances
- `ecs_service_role_name` - Name of IAM role for use with ECS services
- `ecs_service_role_arn` - ARN of IAM role for use with ECS services
- `container_instance_ecs_for_ec2_service_role_arn` - ARN of IAM role associated with EC2 container instances
- `container_instance_autoscaling_group_name` - Name of container instance Autoscaling Group
